
# foreman_katello_content_view


(Composite) Content Views create an abstract view on a collection of repositories and allow versioning of these views. Additional fine tuning can be done with package filters.


## Example Usage

```
# Autogenerated example with required keys
data "foreman_katello_content_view" "example" {
  name = "my content view"
}
```


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `name` - (Required) Name of the content view.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `auto_publish` - Relevant for Composite Content Views: 'Automatically publish a new version of the composite content view whenever one of its content views is published. Autopublish will only happen for component views that use the 'Always use latest version' option.'
- `component_ids` - Relevant for CCVs: list of CV IDs.
- `composite` - Is this Content View a Composite CV?
- `description` - Description for the (composite) content view
- `filter` - Content view filters and their rules. Currently read-only, to be used as data source
- `label` - Label for the (composite) content view. Cannot be changed after creation. By default set to the name, with underscores as spaces replacement.
- `name` - Name of the content view.
- `organization_id` - 
- `repository_ids` - List of repository IDs.
- `solve_dependencies` - Relevant for Content Views: 'This will solve RPM and module stream dependencies on every publish of this content view. Dependency solving significantly increases publish time (publishes can take over three times as long) and filters will be ignored when adding packages to solve dependencies. Also, certain scenarios involving errata may still cause dependency errors.'

