This doc was autogenerated.

# Foreman Provider

The Foreman provider is used to interact with the many resources supported by
Foreman through the Foreman REST API.

This project way previously developed, owned, and maintained by the SRE -
Orchestration pod at Wayfair. Current development is happening at
[Github](https://github.com/HanseMerkur/terraform-provider-foreman)

## What is Foreman?

[Foreman](https://www.theforeman.org/)

> Foreman is a complete lifecycle management tool for physical and virtual
> servers. It provides system administrators the power to easily automate
> repetitive tasks, quickly deploy applications, and proactively manage servers,
> on-premise or in the cloud.

## Configuring the Provider

```
provider "foreman" {
  provider_loglevel = "INFO"
  provider_logfile = "terraform-provider-foreman.log"

  client_username = "admin"
  client_password = "changeme"
  client_tls_insecure = "true"

  server_hostname = "127.0.0.1"
  server_protocol = "https"
}
```

## Environment Variables

Some of the provider configuration options can be provided through environment
variables.  Environment variables are prefixed with the provider name and
correspond to options in the provider schema definition:

* `FOREMAN_PROVIDER_LOGLEVEL`
* `FOREMAN_PROVIDER_LOGFILE`
* `FOREMAN_CLIENT_USERNAME`
* `FOREMAN_CLIENT_PASSWORD`

Example Usage:

```
$> export FOREMAN_PROVIDER_LOGLEVEL='INFO'
$> export FOREMAN_PROVIDER_LOGFILE='-'
$> export FOREMAN_CLIENT_USERNAME='admin'
$> export FOREMAN_CLIENT_PASSWORD='changeme'
$> terraform init && terraform plan
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `client_password` - (Optional) The username to authenticate against Foreman. This can also be set through the environment variable `FOREMAN_CLIENT_PASSWORD`. Defaults to `""`.
- `client_tls_insecure` - (Optional) Whether or not to verify the server's certificate. Defaults to `false`.
- `client_username` - (Optional) The username to authenticate against Foreman. This can also be set through the environment variable `FOREMAN_CLIENT_USERNAME`. Defaults to `""`.
- `location_id` - (Optional) The location for all resources requested and created by the providerDefaults to "0"
- `organization_id` - (Optional) The organization for all resource requsted and created by the Provier Defaults to "0"
- `provider_logfile` - (Optional) Where to deirect provider-specific log output. A value of '-' preserves the default behavior of the log package from Golang stdlib and will be combined with the main terraform.log file produced by terraform. If the desired output file does not exist, it will be created. If the file already exists, logs will be appended to the file. This can also be set through the enviornment variable `FOREMAN_PROVIDER_LOGFILE`. Defaults to `'terraform-provider-foreman.log'`.
- `provider_loglevel` - (Optional) The level of verbosity for the provider's log file. This setting determines which types of log messages are written and which are ignored. Possible values (from most verbose to least verbose) include 'DEBUG', 'TRACE', 'INFO', 'WARNING', 'ERROR', and 'NONE'.  The provider's logs will be written to the location specified by `provider_logfile`. This can also be set through the environment variable `FOREMAN_PROVIDER_LOGLEVEL`. Defaults to `'INFO'`.
- `server_hostname` - (Required) The hostname / IP address of the Foreman REST API server
- `server_protocol` - (Optional) The protocol the Foreman REST API server is using for communication. Defaults to `"https"`.

