
# foreman_media


Remote installation media.


## Example Usage

```
# Autogenerated example with required keys
resource "foreman_media" "example" {
  name = "CentOS mirror"
  path = "http://mirror.averse.net/centos/$major.$minor/os/$arch"
}
```


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `name` - (Required) Name of the media.
- `operatingsystem_ids` - (Optional) IDs of the operating systems associated with this media.
- `os_family` - (Optional) Operating system family. Values include: `"AIX"`, `"Altlinux"`, `"Archlinux"`, `"Coreos"`, `"Debian"`, `"Freebsd"`, `"Gentoo"`, `"Junos"`, `"NXOS"`, `"Redhat"`, `"Solaris"`, `"Suse"`, `"Windows"`.
- `path` - (Required) The path to the medium, can be a URL or a valid NFS server (exclusive of the architecture).  For example:

http://mirror.centos.org/centos/$version/os/$arch

Where $arch will be substituted for the host's actual OS architecture and $version, $major, $minor will be substituted for the version of the operating system. 

Solaris and Debian media may also use $release.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `name` - Name of the media.
- `operatingsystem_ids` - IDs of the operating systems associated with this media.
- `os_family` - Operating system family. Values include: `"AIX"`, `"Altlinux"`, `"Archlinux"`, `"Coreos"`, `"Debian"`, `"Freebsd"`, `"Gentoo"`, `"Junos"`, `"NXOS"`, `"Redhat"`, `"Solaris"`, `"Suse"`, `"Windows"`.
- `path` - The path to the medium, can be a URL or a valid NFS server (exclusive of the architecture).  For example:

http://mirror.centos.org/centos/$version/os/$arch

Where $arch will be substituted for the host's actual OS architecture and $version, $major, $minor will be substituted for the version of the operating system. 

Solaris and Debian media may also use $release.

