
# foreman_subnet


Foreman representation of a subnetwork.


## Example Usage

```
# Autogenerated example with required keys
resource "foreman_subnet" "example" {
  mask = "255.255.255.0"
  name = "10.228.247.0 BO1"
  network = "10.228.247.0"
}
```


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `bmc_id` - (Optional) BMC Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `boot_mode` - (Optional) Default boot mode for instances assigned to this subnet. Values include: `"Static"`, `"DHCP"`.
- `description` - (Optional) Description of the subnet
- `dhcp_id` - (Optional) DHCP Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `dns_primary` - (Optional) Primary DNS server for this subnet.
- `dns_secondary` - (Optional) Secondary DNS sever for this subnet.
- `domain_ids` - (Optional) Domains in which this subnet is part
- `from` - (Optional) Start IP address for IP auto suggestion.
- `gateway` - (Optional) Gateway server to use when connecting/communicating to anything not on the same network.
- `httpboot_id` - (Optional) HTTPBoot Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `ipam` - (Optional) IP address auto-suggestion for this subnet. Valid values include: `"DHCP"`, `"Internal DB"`, `"Random DB"`,`"None"`.
- `mask` - (Required) Netmask for this subnet.
- `mtu` - (Optional) MTU value for the subnet
- `name` - (Required) Subnet name.
- `network` - (Required) Subnet network.
- `network_address` - (Optional) The Subnets CIDR in the format 169.254.0.0/16
- `network_type` - (Optional) Type or protocol, IPv4 or IPv6, defaults to IPv4.
- `template_id` - (Optional) Template HTTP(S) Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `tftp_id` - (Optional) TFTP Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `to` - (Optional) Ending IP address for IP auto suggestion.
- `vlanid` - (Optional) VLAN id that is in use in the subnet


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `bmc_id` - BMC Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `boot_mode` - Default boot mode for instances assigned to this subnet. Values include: `"Static"`, `"DHCP"`.
- `description` - Description of the subnet
- `dhcp_id` - DHCP Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `dns_primary` - Primary DNS server for this subnet.
- `dns_secondary` - Secondary DNS sever for this subnet.
- `domain_ids` - Domains in which this subnet is part
- `from` - Start IP address for IP auto suggestion.
- `gateway` - Gateway server to use when connecting/communicating to anything not on the same network.
- `httpboot_id` - HTTPBoot Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `ipam` - IP address auto-suggestion for this subnet. Valid values include: `"DHCP"`, `"Internal DB"`, `"Random DB"`,`"None"`.
- `mask` - Netmask for this subnet.
- `mtu` - MTU value for the subnet
- `name` - Subnet name.
- `network` - Subnet network.
- `network_address` - The Subnets CIDR in the format 169.254.0.0/16
- `network_type` - Type or protocol, IPv4 or IPv6, defaults to IPv4.
- `template_id` - Template HTTP(S) Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `tftp_id` - TFTP Proxy ID to use within this subnet
- `to` - Ending IP address for IP auto suggestion.
- `vlanid` - VLAN id that is in use in the subnet

