
# foreman_host


A host managed by Foreman.


## Example Usage

```
# Autogenerated example with required keys
resource "foreman_host" "example" {
}
```


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `bmc_success` - (Optional) REMOVED - Tracks the partial state of BMC operations on host creation. If these operations fail, the host will be created in Foreman and this boolean will remain `false`. On the next `terraform apply` will trigger the host update to pick back up with the BMC operations.
- `comment` - (Optional) Add additional information about this host.Note: Changes to this attribute will trigger a host rebuild.
- `compute_attributes` - (Optional) Hypervisor specific VM options. Must be a JSON string, as every compute provider has different attributes schema
- `compute_profile_id` - (Optional) 
- `compute_resource_id` - (Optional, Force New) 
- `config_group_ids` - (Optional) IDs of the applied config groups.
- `domain_id` - (Optional, Force New) ID of the domain to assign to the host.
- `enable_bmc` - (Optional) Enables PMI/BMC functionality. On create and update calls, having this enabled will force a host to poweroff, set next boot to PXE and power on. Defaults to `false`.
- `environment_id` - (Optional) ID of the environment to assign to the host.
- `hostgroup_id` - (Optional, Force New) ID of the hostgroup to assign to the host.
- `image_id` - (Optional, Force New) ID of an image to be used as base for this host when cloning
- `interfaces_attributes` - (Optional) Host interface information.
- `manage_power_operations` - (Optional) Manage power operations, e.g. power on, if host's build flag will be enabled.
- `managed` - (Optional) Whether or not this host is managed by Foreman. Create host only, don't set build status or manage power states.
- `medium_id` - (Optional, Force New) ID of the medium mounted on the host.
- `model_id` - (Optional) ID of the hardware model if applicable
- `operatingsystem_id` - (Optional, Force New) ID of the operating system to put on the host.
- `owner_id` - (Optional) ID of the user or usergroup that owns the host.
- `owner_type` - (Optional) Owner of the host, must be either User ot Usergroup
- `parameters` - (Optional) A map of parameters that will be saved as host parameters in the machine config.
- `provision_method` - (Optional, Force New) Sets the provision method in Foreman for this host: either network-based ('build') or image-based ('image')
- `puppet_class_ids` - (Optional) IDs of the applied puppet classes.
- `retry_count` - (Optional) Number of times to retry on a failed attempt to register or delete a host in foreman.
- `set_build_flag` - (Optional) Sets the Foreman-internal 'build' flag on this host - even if it is already built completely.
- `shortname` - (Required, Force New) The short name of this host. Example: when the FQDN is 'host01.example.org', then 'host01' is the short name.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `comment` - Add additional information about this host.Note: Changes to this attribute will trigger a host rebuild.
- `compute_attributes` - Hypervisor specific VM options. Must be a JSON string, as every compute provider has different attributes schema
- `compute_profile_id` - 
- `compute_resource_id` - 
- `config_group_ids` - IDs of the applied config groups.
- `domain_id` - ID of the domain to assign to the host.
- `domain_name` - The domain name of the host.
- `enable_bmc` - Enables PMI/BMC functionality. On create and update calls, having this enabled will force a host to poweroff, set next boot to PXE and power on. Defaults to `false`.
- `environment_id` - ID of the environment to assign to the host.
- `fqdn` - Host fully qualified domain name. Read-only value to be used in variables.
- `hostgroup_id` - ID of the hostgroup to assign to the host.
- `image_id` - ID of an image to be used as base for this host when cloning
- `interfaces_attributes` - Host interface information.
- `manage_power_operations` - Manage power operations, e.g. power on, if host's build flag will be enabled.
- `managed` - Whether or not this host is managed by Foreman. Create host only, don't set build status or manage power states.
- `medium_id` - ID of the medium mounted on the host.
- `model_id` - ID of the hardware model if applicable
- `name` - Name of this host as stored in Foreman. Can be short name or FQDN, depending on your Foreman settings (especially the setting 'append_domain_name_for_hosts').
- `operatingsystem_id` - ID of the operating system to put on the host.
- `owner_id` - ID of the user or usergroup that owns the host.
- `owner_type` - Owner of the host, must be either User ot Usergroup
- `parameters` - A map of parameters that will be saved as host parameters in the machine config.
- `provision_method` - Sets the provision method in Foreman for this host: either network-based ('build') or image-based ('image')
- `puppet_class_ids` - IDs of the applied puppet classes.
- `retry_count` - Number of times to retry on a failed attempt to register or delete a host in foreman.
- `set_build_flag` - Sets the Foreman-internal 'build' flag on this host - even if it is already built completely.
- `shortname` - The short name of this host. Example: when the FQDN is 'host01.example.org', then 'host01' is the short name.
- `token` - Build token. Can be used to signal to Foreman that a host build is complete.

