# foreman_partitiontable

The disk partition layout of the host.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Autogenerated example with required keys
resource "foreman_partitiontable" "example" {
  layout = "void"
  name = "AutoYaST LVM"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `audit_comment` - (Optional) Any audit comments to associate with the partition table. The audit comment field is saved with the template auditing to document the template changes.
- `description` - Description of the partition table
- `host_ids` - (Optional) IDs of the hosts associated with this partition table.
- `hostgroup_ids` - (Optional) IDs of the hostgroups associated with this partition table.
- `layout` - (Required) The script that defines the partition table layout.
- `locked` - (Optional) Whether or not this partition table is locked for editing.
- `name` - (Required) The name of the partition table.
- `operatingsystem_ids` - (Optional) IDs of the operating system associated with this partition table.
- `os_family` - (Optional) Operating system family. Values include: `"AIX"`, `"Altlinux"`, `"Archlinux"`, `"Coreos"`, `"Debian"`, `"FreeBSD"`, `"Gentoo"`, `"Junos"`, `"NXOS"`, `"Redhat"`, `"Solaris"`, `"Suse"`, `"Windows"`.
- `snippet` - (Optional) Whether or not this partition table is a snippet to be embedded in other partition tables.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `audit_comment` - Any audit comments to associate with the partition table. The audit comment field is saved with the template auditing to document the template changes.
- `description` - Description of the partition table
- `host_ids` - IDs of the hosts associated with this partition table.
- `hostgroup_ids` - IDs of the hostgroups associated with this partition table.
- `layout` - The script that defines the partition table layout.
- `locked` - Whether or not this partition table is locked for editing.
- `name` - The name of the partition table.
- `operatingsystem_ids` - IDs of the operating system associated with this partition table.
- `os_family` - Operating system family. Values include: `"AIX"`, `"Altlinux"`, `"Archlinux"`, `"Coreos"`, `"Debian"`, `"FreeBSD"`, `"Gentoo"`, `"Junos"`, `"NXOS"`, `"Redhat"`, `"Solaris"`, `"Suse"`, `"Windows"`.
- `snippet` - Whether or not this partition table is a snippet to be embedded in other partition tables.
