
# foreman_katello_repository


Repository


## Example Usage

```
# Autogenerated example with required keys
resource "foreman_katello_repository" "example" {
  checksum_type = "sha256"
  content_type = "deb"
  description = "A repository description"
  download_policy = "immediate"
  http_proxy_policy = "global_default_http_proxy"
  ignore_global_proxy = true
  mirror_on_sync = true
  name = "My Repository"
  ostree_upstream_sync_policy = "latest"
  unprotected = true
  upstream_password = "S3cr3t123!"
  upstream_username = "admin"
  url = "http://mirror.centos.org/centos/7/os/x86_64/"
  verify_ssl_on_sync = true
}
```


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `ansible_collection_requirements` - (Optional) Contents of requirement yaml file to sync from URL.
- `checksum_type` - (Optional) Checksum of the repository, currently 'sha1' & 'sha256' are supported
- `content_type` - (Required) Product the repository belongs to. Valid values include:`"deb"`, "docker"`, "file"`, "puppet"`, "yum"`.
- `deb_architectures` - (Optional) Comma separated list of architectures to be synched from deb-archive.
- `deb_components` - (Optional) Comma separated list of repo components to be synched from deb-archive.
- `deb_releases` - (Optional) Comma separated list of releases to be synched from deb-archive.
- `description` - (Optional) Repository description.
- `docker_tags_whitelist` - (Optional) Comma separated list of tags to sync for Container Image repository.
- `docker_upstream_name` - (Optional) Name of the upstream docker repository
- `download_concurrency` - (Optional) Used to determine download concurrency of the repository in pulp3. Use value less than 20. Defaults to 10
- `download_policy` - (Optional) Product the repository belongs to. Valid values include:`"immediate"`, "on_demand"`, "background"`.
- `gpg_key_id` - (Optional) Identifier of the GPG key.
- `http_proxy_id` - (Optional) ID of a HTTP Proxy.
- `http_proxy_policy` - (Optional) Policies for HTTP proxy for content sync. Valid values include:`"global_default_http_proxy"`, "none"`, "use_selected_http_proxy"`.
- `ignorable_content` - (Optional) List of content units to ignore while syncing a yum repository. Must be subset of rpm,drpm,srpm,distribution,erratum
- `ignore_global_proxy` - (Optional) If true, will ignore the globally configured proxy when syncing.
- `label` - (Optional) 
- `mirror_on_sync` - (Optional) true if this repository when synced has to be mirrored from the source and stale rpms removed.
- `name` - (Required) Repository name.
- `ostree_upstream_sync_depth` - (Optional) If a custom sync policy is chosen for ostree repositories then a 'depth' value must be provided.
- `ostree_upstream_sync_policy` - (Optional) Policies for syncing upstream ostree repositories. Valid values include:`"latest"`, "all"`, "custom"`.
- `product_id` - (Required) Product the repository belongs to.
- `unprotected` - (Optional) true if this repository can be published via HTTP.
- `upstream_password` - (Optional) Password of the upstream repository user used for authentication.
- `upstream_username` - (Optional) Username of the upstream repository user used for authentication.
- `url` - (Optional) Repository source url.
- `verify_ssl_on_sync` - (Optional) If true, Katello will verify the upstream url's SSL certifcates are signed by a trusted CA.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `ansible_collection_requirements` - Contents of requirement yaml file to sync from URL.
- `checksum_type` - Checksum of the repository, currently 'sha1' & 'sha256' are supported
- `content_type` - Product the repository belongs to. Valid values include:`"deb"`, "docker"`, "file"`, "puppet"`, "yum"`.
- `deb_architectures` - Comma separated list of architectures to be synched from deb-archive.
- `deb_components` - Comma separated list of repo components to be synched from deb-archive.
- `deb_releases` - Comma separated list of releases to be synched from deb-archive.
- `description` - Repository description.
- `docker_tags_whitelist` - Comma separated list of tags to sync for Container Image repository.
- `docker_upstream_name` - Name of the upstream docker repository
- `download_concurrency` - Used to determine download concurrency of the repository in pulp3. Use value less than 20. Defaults to 10
- `download_policy` - Product the repository belongs to. Valid values include:`"immediate"`, "on_demand"`, "background"`.
- `gpg_key_id` - Identifier of the GPG key.
- `http_proxy_id` - ID of a HTTP Proxy.
- `http_proxy_policy` - Policies for HTTP proxy for content sync. Valid values include:`"global_default_http_proxy"`, "none"`, "use_selected_http_proxy"`.
- `ignorable_content` - List of content units to ignore while syncing a yum repository. Must be subset of rpm,drpm,srpm,distribution,erratum
- `ignore_global_proxy` - If true, will ignore the globally configured proxy when syncing.
- `label` - 
- `mirror_on_sync` - true if this repository when synced has to be mirrored from the source and stale rpms removed.
- `name` - Repository name.
- `ostree_upstream_sync_depth` - If a custom sync policy is chosen for ostree repositories then a 'depth' value must be provided.
- `ostree_upstream_sync_policy` - Policies for syncing upstream ostree repositories. Valid values include:`"latest"`, "all"`, "custom"`.
- `product_id` - Product the repository belongs to.
- `unprotected` - true if this repository can be published via HTTP.
- `upstream_password` - Password of the upstream repository user used for authentication.
- `upstream_username` - Username of the upstream repository user used for authentication.
- `url` - Repository source url.
- `verify_ssl_on_sync` - If true, Katello will verify the upstream url's SSL certifcates are signed by a trusted CA.

