
# foreman_hostgroup


Hostgroups are organized in a tree-like structure and inherit values from their parent hostgroup(s). When hosts get associated with a hostgroup, it will inherit attributes from the hostgroup. This allows for easy, shared configuration of various hosts based on common attributes.


## Example Usage

```
# Autogenerated example with required keys
resource "foreman_hostgroup" "example" {
  name = "compute"
}
```


## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

- `architecture_id` - (Optional) ID of the architecture associated with this hostgroup.
- `compute_profile_id` - (Optional) ID of the compute profile associated with this hostgroup.
- `config_group_ids` - (Optional) IDs of the applied config groups.
- `content_source_id` - (Optional) ID of the content source associated with this hostgroup.
- `content_view_id` - (Optional) ID of the content view associated with this hostgroup.
- `domain_id` - (Optional) ID of the domain associated with this hostgroup.
- `environment_id` - (Optional) ID of the environment associated with this hostgroup.
- `lifecycle_environment_id` - (Optional) ID of the lifecycle environment associated with this hostgroup.
- `medium_id` - (Optional) ID of the media associated with this hostgroup.
- `name` - (Required) Hostgroup name.
- `operatingsystem_id` - (Optional) ID of the operating system associated with this hostgroup.
- `parameters` - (Optional) A map of parameters that will be saved as hostgroup parameters in the group config.
- `parent_id` - (Optional) ID of the parent hostgroup.
- `ptable_id` - (Optional) ID of the partition table associated with this hostgroup.
- `puppet_ca_proxy_id` - (Optional) ID of the smart proxy acting as the puppet certificate authority server for this hostgroup.
- `puppet_class_ids` - (Optional) IDs of the applied puppet classes.
- `puppet_proxy_id` - (Optional) ID of the smart proxy acting as the puppet proxy server for this hostgroup.
- `pxe_loader` - (Optional) Operating system family. Value examples: "None", "PXELinux BIOS", "PXELinux UEFI", "Grub UEFI", "Grub2 UEFI", "Grub2 UEFI SecureBoot", "Grub2 UEFI HTTP", "Grub2 UEFI HTTPS", "Grub2 UEFI HTTPS SecureBoot", "iPXE Embedded", "iPXE UEFI HTTP", "iPXE Chain BIOS", "iPXE Chain UEFI"
- `realm_id` - (Optional) ID of the realm associated with this hostgroup.
- `root_password` - (Optional) Default root password
- `subnet_id` - (Optional) ID of the subnet associated with the hostgroup.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

- `architecture_id` - ID of the architecture associated with this hostgroup.
- `compute_profile_id` - ID of the compute profile associated with this hostgroup.
- `config_group_ids` - IDs of the applied config groups.
- `content_source_id` - ID of the content source associated with this hostgroup.
- `content_view_id` - ID of the content view associated with this hostgroup.
- `domain_id` - ID of the domain associated with this hostgroup.
- `environment_id` - ID of the environment associated with this hostgroup.
- `lifecycle_environment_id` - ID of the lifecycle environment associated with this hostgroup.
- `medium_id` - ID of the media associated with this hostgroup.
- `name` - Hostgroup name.
- `operatingsystem_id` - ID of the operating system associated with this hostgroup.
- `parameters` - A map of parameters that will be saved as hostgroup parameters in the group config.
- `parent_id` - ID of the parent hostgroup.
- `ptable_id` - ID of the partition table associated with this hostgroup.
- `puppet_ca_proxy_id` - ID of the smart proxy acting as the puppet certificate authority server for this hostgroup.
- `puppet_class_ids` - IDs of the applied puppet classes.
- `puppet_proxy_id` - ID of the smart proxy acting as the puppet proxy server for this hostgroup.
- `pxe_loader` - Operating system family. Value examples: "None", "PXELinux BIOS", "PXELinux UEFI", "Grub UEFI", "Grub2 UEFI", "Grub2 UEFI SecureBoot", "Grub2 UEFI HTTP", "Grub2 UEFI HTTPS", "Grub2 UEFI HTTPS SecureBoot", "iPXE Embedded", "iPXE UEFI HTTP", "iPXE Chain BIOS", "iPXE Chain UEFI"
- `realm_id` - ID of the realm associated with this hostgroup.
- `root_password` - Default root password
- `subnet_id` - ID of the subnet associated with the hostgroup.
- `title` - The title is the fullname of the hostgroup.  A hostgroup's title is a path-like string from the head of the hostgroup tree down to this hostgroup.  The title will be in the form of: "<parent 1>/<parent 2>/.../<name>".

